Mention `sync_tensorboard` cloud support (#1338)
wandb/docs: content/guides/integrations/tensorboard.md

```python
wandb.save(glob.glob(f"runs/*.pt.trace.json")[0], base_path=f"runs")
```

### Can I sync tfevents files stored in the cloud?

> wandb versions 0.20.0 and up support syncing `tfevents` files stored in S3, GCS or Azure.

Reviewer: In your description you say that the version isn't finalized. Is it finalized now? :)

Author: It is finalized as of yesterday!

> wandb versions 0.20.0 and up support syncing `tfevents` files stored in S3, GCS or Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wandb v0.20.0 and above support syncing `tfevents` files stored in S3, GCS or Azure.
```

Reviewer 2: Nit:

```suggestion
`wandb` versions 0.20.0 and up support syncing `tfevents` files stored in S3, GCS or Azure.
```

Reviewer: I believe we each gave feedback in the same line. I agree with marking up `wandb` and I also like the rest of my edit. 😆

Reviewer 2: Hahaha ooops. And agreed. Both suggestions should go in.

Author: Done! @mdlinville I also updated "support" to "supports" since the subject is now "wandb" instead of "wandb versions".

- S3 uses the default credentials configured by `aws configure`. The logging directory must be in the format `s3://bucket/path/to/logs`.
- GCS uses the application default credentials configured by `gcloud auth application-default login`. The logging directory must be in the format `gs://bucket/path/to/logs`.

> - Azure uses the credentials set by `az login` and requires the `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` and `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` environment variables to be set. The logging directory must be in the format `az://account/container/path/to/logs`.

Reviewer: Each of these is discussing both default credentials and logging directory formats. This strikes me as tabular content.

`| Cloud provider | Default credentials | Logging directory format |`

WDYT?

Author: Updated, let me know what you think!

```python
wandb.save(glob.glob(f"runs/*.pt.trace.json")[0], base_path=f"runs")
```

### Can I sync tfevents files stored in the cloud?

> Yes: wandb versions 0.20.0 and up support syncing `tfevents` files stored in S3, GCS or Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wandb` v0.20.0 and above support syncing `tfevents` files stored in S3, GCS or Azure.
```

Author: Updated!

S3 uses the default credentials configured by `aws configure`. The logging directory must be in the format `s3://bucket/path/to/logs`.

GCS uses the application default credentials configured by `gcloud auth application-default login`. The logging directory must be in the format `gs://bucket/path/to/logs`.

> Azure uses the credentials set by `az login` and requires the `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` and `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` environment variables to be set. The logging directory must be in the format `az://account/container/path/to/logs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- S3 uses the default credentials configured by `aws configure`. The logging directory must be in the format `s3://bucket/path/to/logs`.
- GCS uses the application default credentials configured by `gcloud auth application-default login`. The logging directory must be in the format `gs://bucket/path/to/logs`.
- Azure uses the credentials set by `az login` and requires the `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` and `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` environment variables to be set. The logging directory must be in the format `az://account/container/path/to/logs`.
```

Author: Updated!
